[Music]
who get ready get set for 3:00 mystical
riddles for those who believe in the
paranormal creeped out yet here's your
chance to feel like agents Scully and
Mulder from the x-files and solve some
mysteries of the paranormal world are
you ready
number one reflections you are entering
a room with four mirrors look closely at
each of them each mirror reflects a
paranormal being three of them are
illusory and only one is real three
creatures lie and only one is telling
the truth your task is to find out which
of them exists here is what they want to
tell you the skeleton claims that it is
reflected in either mirror 2 or mirror 3
the ghost says you can see its
reflection in either mirror 1 or mirror
4 according to the vampire his
reflection is in mirror 3
the witch asurs you she is definitely
not in mirror for now it's your time to
draw the right conclusions in which of
the mirrors is the existing creature
reflected you have one minute to figure
it out
[Music]
thirty seconds have passed
but you still have another 30
[Music]
time's up
do you have an answer well I've got one
too
let's go over it together if the real
creature is reflected in mirror one then
the ghost and the which are both telling
the truth it's impossible if the real
creature is reflected in mirror two then
neither the skeleton nor the witch is
lying it can't be if the creature that
exists is reflected in mirror three then
the skeleton the vampire and the witch
all speak the truth
it's impossible again if the real
creature is reflected in mirror four
then everyone except the ghost lie which
is the right answer so what can I say
only the witch is real number two the
ghost and the king there once was a
kingdom where a wise King Rupert was the
ruler he had a cousin James who was a
true master of poisons dreaming of power
James was mean and evil and was stabbed
to death in one of the fights even after
his death he stalked Rupert as a ghost
stuck between the worlds James said he
would only let go of the king if he
managed to solve his poison riddle if he
failed Rupert would join his cousin in
death as revenge for the crown James
never had come on guys can't we all just
get along
apparently not so there were 12 poisons
all marked 1 to 12 according to the
fatality degree so one was rather weak
and 12 led to death with no exceptions
each poison higher on the fatality scale
could neutralize the previous one so 12
could cancel the effect of all other
potions if you took it immediately after
any other poison all poisons were
colorless and smelled like nothing
resembling water King Rupert took all
the odd number poisons James had all the
even-numbered poisons and was ready to
celebrate the victory they filled the
cups for each other in turns quite
unexpectedly the King managed
to win and the ghost of James was
banished forever
can you guess what King Rupert did you
have two minutes to figure it out
[Music]
fighting for the throne never stops even
in the paranormal world remember what I
said about the poisons that look and
smell like water it might help
[Music]
you have 30 seconds left time to check
the answer the ghost of James Koepp
poison 12 to use it later and started
with number 10 King Rupert neutralized
it with poison 11 then he filled a cup
with water instead of poison and gave it
to James he took the water for poison
and tried neutralizing it with number 12
this is how he was tricked by Rupert and
lost number 3 escaping the zombies once
upon a time in a secret lab high in the
mountains there was a young intern by
accident he dropped a test tube with an
experimental virus that turned people
into zombies hey how come they never
turn into Charlie's Angels or the
lifeguards from Baywatch well for some
reason this virus did not affect
everyone the intern the lab assistant
the technician and the old professor
didn't turn into the Living Dead all
they want to do is escape from the lab
and you're the only one who can help
them there was just one way to safety to
the top of another mountain across an
old suspension bridge the professor did
some math and figured out they've got 17
minutes before the zombies get to the
bridge even if one zombie sets foot on
the bridge it will collapse of course
the only way to save everyone is to
figure out a way to move them to the
other side before time runs out it's not
that easy
do it the bridge is only strong enough
for two people at the same time and you
all can't walk at the same speed
naturally why make this easy the intern
is the athletic type and can cross the
bridge in one minute the lab assistant
has never done any sports but is young
and can get there in two minutes the
technician is pretty massive and will
need five minutes to carry his muscular
body to the other side the old professor
uses a walking cane and crossing the
bridge will take him ten minutes and
since it's all happening at night you
can't move without a flashlight they
only had enough time to grab one of
those and of course it's running out of
battery so it's only good to light a
little area around whoever is crossing
the bridge will need the flashlight
let's see if your math knowledge and
logic can help you save the poor fellows
from turning into zombies
since this task is not an easy one and
the future of humanity depends on it
I'll give you two minutes to figure it
all out for people seventeen minutes one
bridge and one flashlight let's give it
a go
one minute left
time for the explanation the secret is
that the slowest two people of the group
the technician and the old professor
must cross the bridge together since
they need a flashlight to cross the
bridge the fastest of them all should
carry it there and back first the intern
and the lab assistant cross the bridge
it will take two minutes in one
direction and another minute for the
intern to get back with the flashlight
then it's time for the technician and
the old professor to get to safety with
a flashlight it will all take 10 minutes
and leave them only four minutes for the
rest of the team to escape ooh it's
getting exciting the lab assistant
should hurry up back from the other side
with the flashlight it will take him 2
minutes then the intern and the
assistant will cross the bridge together
in two minutes
bingo the zombies make it to the bridge
but crush it and fall into the abyss you
just saved the world from the zombie
apocalypse I'm so proud of you now did
you manage to solve all the riddles
share your results in the comments like
this video if it gave your brain a good
stretch subscribe to our channel if
you're new here stay with us on the
bright side of life
you